Hi everybody.
My name is Marcien Jenckes and I'm the president of Comcast Advertising,
which basically means that my job is to make your job easier.
Welcome to the team. We are thrilled to have you here. Uh,
Comcast Advertising is a very special place.
We're part of this entrepreneurial company that is singularly
focused on growth.
And the way that we grow is we solve problems and create solutions for our
customers. If they grow, we grow.
We're also part of the biggest media company in the world.
We're a global leader in technology and advertising. At Effectv,
at FreeWheel,
and across the other teams at Comcast Advertising that go between them.
We are transforming television in all of its formats,
into the world's most effective marketing platform.
We're doing amazing things every day,
things that have never been done anywhere else.
And we're doing that across the globe. Our employees,
you are at the center of all of that. The best solutions come from you.
And we appreciate you for the unique value that you bring.
That's why we build an inclusive, innovative,
and creative environment where everyone can succeed.
We're proud to be part of Comcast,
which was voted one of Fortune's best companies to work for in 2021.
My advice for you in the coming weeks is number one,
soak up all the information around you. Number two,
ask tough questions and number three, take risks.
Don't be afraid to fail. We've got you.
Comcast Advertising is truly redefining the future of TV advertising.
We can't wait for you to get started. Welcome.